These headpohnes are a simple analog set which is exactly what I needed. I do live streaming classes and capture audio in my recordings. This helps keeps the computer sounds as well as other people's voices separated from the recording. I use the quite often and they have worked well for my use. I don't use them to listen to music, that's what my bluetooth head set is for.
I got the cheapest one - on ear, no mic. For less than $10 it's a great deal. It's lightweight enough that I can put it in my bag and it doesn't take up much room. It's not heavy so you won't feel the weight in your bag. More importantly, they work.
I'm very happy with these. They have decent enough ear coverage without weighing very much. I'm not looking for aviation grade hearing protection, just enough to cut down the sound of the TV while I sit in the same room.
My small, over the ear Sennheiser's finally died. They no longer make small ones and there are only a couple of brands that do. Tried these and I'm happy with them. They are comfortable and have good bass quality which is important to me. Buds don't fit my ears, generally, and they always sound tinny and I don't always want to use larger headphones. So these work well, they aren't expensive and sound very good to me.

I hope Panasonic doesn't decide to stop making these smaller types of headphones. Recommend.
Not fancy. But work well for what they are. I use them for music & work calls after having lots of issues with the microphone of the prior headphones I was using (JBL). Bought them as a stopgap (next day delivery), but like them enough to not bother with replacing them (so great value buy for me)
For the tiny price, they are beyond expectations.

If you just want good sound quality for a cheap price, you can't beat them...
While these are relatively inexpensive, the sound is pretty good, and they are very comfortable. They appear to be well made so if you are looking for wired headphones i would recommend them.
These headphones are comfortable for listening to online videos, conferences, etc. Music listening is good too but I do not have a very sensitive ear like some people do. I am very pleased with these headphones.
I bought these for my son to use with his laptop. He loves them. They are comfortable and the sound is great. I would definitely recommend these.
I just needed some earphones for work. They do the trick!
I have been using headphones with my laptop for several years now and have gone through quite a few sets. Either the sound quality is not good, the pads hurt my ears or they break. This set is awesome. The sound quality is excellent and if you put this set on right (it's marked for left and right ears), it is very comfortable. If somehow I manage to damage this set, I will replace them with the same set. I will admit that my ears are on the small side so if you have large ears, you might not like them.
good headphones at a reasonable price. I recently purchased a second
Good quality
Very good sound quality for its price.
great sound and construction
Great quality
Great audio can’t beat it for the price.